we've paid for that bridge and we're
going to collect we're going to fly
35,000 men 300 miles and drop them
behind enemy lines it'll be the largest
airborne operation ever mounted quite
frankly this kind of things ever been
attempted before we shall seize the
bridges it's all a question of riches
with thunderclap surprised and held them
until they can be secured we go next
Sunday seven days consider we got the
better you got them on the run
Josefina beam presents
a bridge too far
international bestseller
the story of the most dramatic and
devastating battle
the plan is called Operation Market
Garden Market is the airborne element
and garden the ground forces I like to
think of this he's one of those American
Western food
Germans will naturally let a bad guy we
my friends are the cavalry on the way to
the rescue a bridge too far
starring Dirk Bogarde James Caan Michael
Caine Sean Connery Edward Fox Elliott
Gould Gene Hackman Anthony Hopkins Hardy
Kruger Laurence Olivier
Ryan O'Neal robert redford maximilian
schell leave omen take cover
but you think that since we know that
that arm is so crucial to their safety
they might know that
the rivers widen that the current is
strong hail Mary full of grace does any
more cheery information comes my way
I'll just be too happy to pass it along
in the meantime just think of this as
on-the-job training
here 36 hours behind schedule
there's a battle and we are in the
process of winning it winning and losing
is not a concern living or dying is if
you don't look at him right now he's
gonna die dead now right now I can give
him quick examination tonight thank you
very much sir you need to reinforcements
and above all ammunition till again her
older coming they're coming tonight
two days they said we've been here nine
why didn't we just try to brush through
well as you know I've always thought
that we tried to go bridge too far
you